Hello and welcome.
I have another challenge for you this one is for the strategy design pattern that is going to test your
understanding your knowledge of this pattern.
Requirements are we're gonna create an application that performs mathematical operations using the strategy
design pattern.
And so we're gonna need to create a strategy interface defining an action and a concrete strategy classes
implementing the strategy interface the context class is gonna use the strategy and then lastly we'll
create a client that will use the context and the strategy objects to demonstrate change in context
behavior based on the strategy it deploys or uses requirements to strategy interface can include just
one simple method perform operation it should take two numbers as parameters.
Remember these are mathematical strategies.
The concrete tragedies should perform mathematical operations.
One for addition one for subtraction and one for multiplication.
So you gonna have three concrete strategy classes that implement this perform operation the context
class will execute the correct strategy based on what the client wants the clients can either pass strategy
to a method or the context can contain a rough to the strategy set in the constructor by the client
you should pass it as a method because we mentioned that one of the differences between the state and
strategy is usually you pass strategy by a method and this will allow the strategy to not be tied with
a reference and also commit a specific task with a specific strategy object
you need to create a client class that creates one or more context that depends on how you're telling
the context what strategy to use if you're telling it with a reference inside of its class you'll need
to create more than one because you need to set that reference to the constructor if you're not and
you shouldn't be doing that you should be sending it as a parameter in a method then you only need to
create one context you then want to create multiple strategies that the context will use to perform
mathematical operations some sample output 10 plus five equals fifteen that's one strategy one plus
one and then one minus one ten minus five equals five and ten times five pretty straightforward.
So here's an example the class diagram your strategy interface the operation the different operations
subtract had or multiply and then your client and your strategy or your context which should have the
strategy passed in to a method let me know if you have any questions pretty straightforward I'll provide
a solution in the next lecture.
Thank you.